Then you can take a look.
So what? You are really saved.
I'll go first.
Breakfast included. Your outfit is really quite classy.
As expected.
In fact, Sister Shen Shu is quite capable of going there.
But something needs to be said.
Being able to serve as a designer for our group is truly a blessing.
Why don't you think about it and let her be your designer for four. Yang country.
If you don’t want this month’s bonus,
Just say more. She is me.
I don’t worry about each other either.
Looking for an article about him
I’m going to work the day after tomorrow. I don’t know if it’s going to be bad because I’m leaving the door with my left foot first.
Our design department
The new girl in the design studio has a special assistant
Just to say hello
There is a special assistant
Doesn’t it represent Mr. Lu’s intention?
Mr. Lu is so caring
Then will this new colleague come to the CEO’s wife?
Oops help
Wasn't it adjusted as promised?
Why does everyone know this?
A company entered through the procedures of the China General Association
We can’t let everyone think we’re using the back door.
New colleague
Yes, hello everyone.
Come and take a seat